I can't recall a deliberate time when I have been treated unfairly at
work. However, I do think that there have been some instances in which
assumptions were made based primarily on my gender, that we're not
really equal. So So assumptions were made about me And what I would
be willing to dio, um that were different from the assumptions that
were made about my male colleagues. Um, and that was that's been annoying.
But honestly, I think really in the psychology department were
pretty aware of those types of biases. And I think that our faculty
is really committed. Thio, um you know, equality, gender equality,
ethnic equality and and so I think that we're pretty good about policing
ourselves in that way. I mean, I have experienced, like, some
offhand comments, Um, sometimes that I'm just, like, really, really
um, but nothing really aggressive and nothing where I would feel like
my career was being unfairly disadvantaged. Um, I think I felt really
fortunate to be honest. Um, in the psychology department, I think
it's a pretty egalitarian department